docs for Squeezebox server device binary sensors (#33939)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/squeezebox.markdown

---
title: Squeezebox (Lyrion Music Server)

> description: Instructions on how to integrate a Lyrion Music Server(LMS) and squeezebox players into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Instructions on how to integrate Squeezebox players and a Lyrion Music Server (LMS)  into Home Assistant.
```
As the integration is called Squeezebox, Squeezebox should probably be mentioned before the music server.

ha_dhcp: true
ha_platforms:
  - media_player
  - binary_sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The Squeezebox integration allows you to control music players from the [Lyrion Music Server](https://lyrion.org/) (LMS) ecosystem.  Lyrion Music Server was formerly known as [Logitech Media Server](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeezebox_%28network_music_player%29).

> 

Reviewer: Further down, before the Action section, please add a section called ## Entities, ### Binary sensors, listing the binary sensors together with a description.

> This integration provides both media players connected to the server and supporting sensors for the server status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides both media players connected to the server and supporting binary sensors for the server status.
```

        media_content_type: "music"
```

## Entities

### Binary sensors

- Needs restart

>   Sever Service would like to be restarted usually to apply updates.

Reviewer: what do you mean by "usually"? It needs to be restarted? It needs to be restarted on a regular basis?

Author: usually its for updates, so comma after restarted?

Reviewer: ah!

>   Sever Service would like to be restarted usually to apply updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Server Service needs to be restarted (typically, this is needed to apply updates).
```
Maybe something like this?

- Library rescan

>   Music library is currently being scaned by LMS.

Reviewer: does this have implications for me as a user? is some service not available during that period?

> 

Reviewer: ## Actions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Actions

```

> - Needs restart
>   Server Service needs to be restarted (typically, this is needed to apply updates).
> - Library rescan
>   The music library is currently being scanned by LMS (depending on the type of scan, some content may be unavailable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Needs restart**:  Server Service needs to be restarted (typically, this is needed to apply updates).
- **Library rescan**:  The music library is currently being scanned by LMS (depending on the type of scan, some content may be unavailable).
```

>   Music library is currently being scaned by LMS (during a scan some content may be unavailable dependant on the type of scan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The music library is currently being scanned by LMS (depending on the type of scan, some content may be unavailable).
```

        media_content_type: "music"
```

## Entities

### Binary sensors

- **Needs restart**:  Server Service needs to be restarted (typically, this is needed to apply updates).
- **Library rescan**:  The music library is currently being scanned by LMS (depending on the type of scan, some content may be unavailable).

> ## Actions
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
